2.1

For maximum usability out of you Customized patch via filter tool Go to Developer Tools and Disable "Hide actual Code" 
Enable "Enable Content Edits and Structural Edits "

General
1 Gave MoonStone Chest a chance at Legendaries (this will need some feedback I believe the current rates are "fair" for the price )
2 Reduced The Random legendary drop from Chubbies from 60% to 30%
3 Tuned Down chubby spawnrates a tiny bit more. ( From 3% to 2% Note that is the chance for any stalker to be a chubby )
4 Fixed an issue with FlameKnuckle Dropping the Pitchfork as he SHOULDNT. Pitchfork was moved to Nel as intended
5 Pitchfork costs 1 ammo per shot from 2

WARNING

6 SDU CHANGES MOVED TO 2.1 OPTIONALS AS PEOPLE WITH ONGOING SAVES ON NORMAL COULD POTENTIALLY LOSE THEIR SDU WEAPON SLOT. 
Enable if you are playing a Brand New char or a char that already has his Weapon Slots unlocked.
7 Similarly For Safety reasons the quest reward change from patch 2.0 For Home Sweet Home is reverted to SDU or nothing 
Unless you allready have your 4th weapon Slot OR you have SDU changes on from New char Do not activate.


2.1 OPTIONALS (You'd need to enable those via filter tool)

Key Difference of optionals and Customs.
Optionals are stuff that people asked But not everyone is gonna like. Customs are Custom made creation of members 
of the UCP team to make the game a bit more fun but not always balanced.

8 Jack's Sponsored By ,Dahl effect now gives An Extra Shot to all your guns (Similar to Two Fang) whenever the Dahl effect is on
9 Luneshines can Now appear in the wild . Due to how its made this will give a much higher chance for a weapon to be Luneshined than not.
10 Remove the muffle sound effects from when entering Vacuum.
11 Remove the Sepia Font for when using Nisha's action Skill
12 Option to Remove Claptraps Krieg Skill from his Action Skill pool.



Customs
13 MakeVendorsGreaterAgain Removed Increased chance for legendary spawning on Item of the day
14 Fixed an issue with RoadRunner getting deleted if patch was not running
15 Added notes for Filter tool Users to what CUSTOM guns get Deleted if patch is not Running
16 Added NikitaZed Carnage Flakker Replacement (with a small change to remove Sanity Check issues) 

