Fight For Your Life Lands 2 is a huge mod for Borderlands 2.
Main direction of this mod is to increase game difficulty, change the way you play the game, provide new game experience and add more items to the game.
It changes game in many ways.
There are edited enemies, new Guns, New Skills, Shields, Class mods, Difficulty Changes. 
More about changes below.

!! This mod can be pretty hard for Solo Players!
 This mod is recommended to be played in Co-op. 
 This mod may force you to ragequit sometimes.
 If you are not experienced Borderlands 2 player, then think twice before installing this mod.
 This mod already has newest version of UCP -  do not use it with this mod!
 If you are playing Co-op, then you should join to host when he is in-game. Otherwise your \ his game may crash. !!

This mod does not requires any DLC. However, many new guns and shields were created by using other DLC's.
This mod increases loading times to about 10-15 seconds (Because this mod is huge)
You can use Filter Tool to change mod (Change Difficulty, turn off some Optional Changes)

What does this mod do:

Blocks up 98% of legendary drops. You can obtain them After lvl 49. [For balance] 
              Do not try to farm legendary gear if you don't know what you can obtain. You will only waste your time.
Changes some enemies
Increases Animation Speed for most enemies
Adds more Chests to the game
Increases player respawn speed
Makes Digi-Peak many times harder
Allows "White Chests" to contain legendary items
Almost removes Health Gate for Players. [It means Shotguns can 1shot you, you won't be immortal with Grog Nozzle, etc]
         ...But increases chances to obtain legendary items
Bosses will have more health. It means you should have good gear before attempting to kill |BossName|
Makes barrels less useless
Allows Golden Chest to be opened by Eridium
Allows any quest to contain anything [Up to a Legendary]
Adds more Legendary Guns to game
Adds more Pearlescent Items to game
Pearlescent Gear is best gear in the game now
Enemies can perform melee attacks on you while you are down
Enemies will also forget about you when you will be down
Playable characters received unique buffs. See action skills for more info [In-game ofc]
Changes almost all skill trees
Changes many skills
Adds some new skills
Changes view on the guns
Enabled weapon 'shaking'
Allows enemies to have any Guns , Shields
Makes Tubbies Dangerous, but rewarding
Increases Spawn Rates for Tubby enemies
Allows Loot Midgets to be spawned outside of Loot Boxes, ect (World Spawn)
Changes how Corrosive DOT affects enemies
Allows Siren to phaselock almost everything
Buffs Vendors [Better gear]
Increases amount of enemies on some locations
Allows Son of Craw to drop Legendary and Pearl items
Makes Rakks dangerous, but allows them to drop many items if you are lucky




Non-Important info:
Sometimes it can be too hard, especially in Digi-Peak area. This is why it is RECOMMENDED to be played in co-op
In solo mode you will probably suffer
You can even ragequit
Bosses will restore their hp, you will die over and over
Be ready for it if you are playing this mod in solo
You may not like some difficulty increases ['Artifical play-rates, 2hard4me, mod sucks'], but it's up to you.

Tip: some bosses can destroy you. [And force you to ragequit]
Make sure to be prepared with a good gear before going to a Willhelm as example.
This mod is not designed for modifications in Filter Tool.
But you can still select optional changes in 'Optional Changes' section [FT]
Recommended to play without other global mods (To avoid conflicts)
But if you decided to play with other mods - then put FFYLands 2 last in mod order.

About mod:
Increased game difficulty [Optional difficulties in Filter Tool: Hardcore, Hard, Medium, Easy. Hardcore by default]
Recommended to be played in co-op mode
Enemies can have any gun \ shield
Increased 'animation speed' for almost all enemies
Increased spawn rates for most enemies \ badass enemies
98% of legendary drops are locked until level 49. Don't try to farm for legendary gear until this level if you don't know who can drop stuff.
Added \ reworked a lot of new gear
Added \ reworked character skills
Changed all skill trees
All characters now have their unique abilities. As example Axton sprints faster than others.

Contains almost all of my mods, so you don't need to add them to FFYLands2. [More Chests On Pandora, etc]
















