Link to gallery;
http://aaron0000.imgur.com/

Organization of mods;
Accessories and Barrels - Mashers, Double Anarchy, Splitters, E-Tech Pistols Remastered, Tough ARs, Regen Snipers, Burst-fire Launchers, Heavy Shotguns, Speed Shotguns, Slug Shotgun Accessory, Assault Shotguns, Fixed Vertical Grip.
Atlas Reborn - Basic items, Uniques, Legendaries, Seraphs, Pearlescent.
BL1 Recreations - Hammer, Defiler, Destroyer, Anaconda, Bastard, Nemesis, Violator, Classic Sledge's Shotgun, Firehawk, Friendly Fire, Reaper, Clipper, Aries.
BL1 Colors - Common to Very Rare colors in the order of Bandit, Dahl, Hyperion, Jakobs, Maliwan, Tediore, Torgue, and Vladof.
BL1-Style Rarities - Three shades of same legendary, various rarities, mod item support.
Class Mods Redux - Standard Class Mods to Legendary Class mods in the order of Gunzerker, Commando, Assassin, Siren, Mechromancer, and Psycho.
Cryo - Several items changed in the mod.
Fixes - Medical Blaster fix, Infixity, and Elephixer.
Gearbox Guns Plus - Gearbox Rifle, Sniper Rifle, and SMG.
Gemstone E-Techs - Dart, Blaster, Plasma Caster, Splatgun, Railgun.
Gemstones Redux - New or revised gemstone colors in the order of Bandit, Dahl, Hyperion, Jakobs, Maliwan, Tediore, Torgue, and Vladof.
Honest Fibbers - "Shotgun" barrel, "Ricochet" barrel, and "Critical" barrel in that order, along with recolors.
Jakobs & Torgue E-Techs - Darts/Spikers, Blasters, Splatguns, and Railgun/Launcher.
Old Hyperion - Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Very Rare weapons in that order.
Original Creations - Punter, Bedrum, Electrum, 'Merica, Darlin', Toothpick, Discipline, Synergizer, Entendre, Mam, Melt, Signature, Quaker, Chroma, Sasha, Gunshow, Agility Relics, Ammo Regeneration Opportunity relic, and Health-leech Endowment relic.
Pre-Sequel Ports - Fast Talker, T4s-R, Moonface, Kaneda's Laser, Longnail, Hard Reboot, Bullpup, Company Man, Fusillade, 88 Fragnum, Shield of Ages, Boomacorn, Berrigan, Omni-Cannon, Luck Cannon, Cyber Eagle, "Laser Disker", "Longest Yard", "Thunderfire", Torrent, Plunkett, Frostfire, Cheat Code, Ol' Painful, Smasher, Cat o' Ninetails.
Quadtastic - Unique, Legendary, and Seraph quad-barrel shotguns.
Rarity Glows - Descending order from Seraph to Common.
Reskins - Norfleet Plus, Cobra Plus, "Pimp"pernel, White Death, UCP Hawk Eye, Whitefork, Veruc Alternative, Deliverence Alternative, Little Evie Alternative, Goldfinger, Orphan Blinger, White Death, Silver Fist, Chopper-Style CHOPPER, Bee-Themed Bee, Legendary Maliwan/Vladof Shield Reskins.
Revamped Items - Gatling Stinkpot, Hammer Buster Revised, Madhous Remastered, Infinity Beyond, Jakobs Order, Teapot Remastered, Better Bones.
Revolvers - Normal and unique revolvers.
Revolvers (Jakobs Barrel Version) - All sorts of revolvers.
Spintastic - Unique, Legendary, and Seraph Vladof-barrel weapons.
S&S Forever/Lite - Basic guns, Uniques, Legendaries, Seraphs, Pearlescent.
Scarlett-Styled Seraph Weapons - Infection, Lead Storm, Interfacer, Hawkeye, and Devastator given skins similar to the Scarlett DLC Seraph weapons.
Slayer Class mods - Slayer of Crawmerax and Slayer of the Seraphs class mods.
The Campin' Dutchpack - 70+ items brought over from ThaCampinDutchman's arsenal of BL1 goodies.
Techtastic - Unique, Legendary, and Seraph E-Tech weapons.
